Aspiring Computer Science Student with a keen interest in Artificial Intelligence and Robotics, actively seeking challenging 2024 - 2025 opportunities to further develop my skills and contribute to innovative projects and continue to excel in Artificial Intelligence and Robotics.

Education

The Pennsylvania State University | Schreyer Honors College	University Park, PA
College of Engineering 	December 2026
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science	GPA: 3.89/4.00 | Dean’s List (2/2)

Experience

Catalyst Solutions 	Denver, CO
AI / RPA Automation Intern	May 2024 – September 2024

Developed & implemented multiple Gen AI & RPA projects to automate and streamline business processes

Trained in Generative AI and OpenAI API with tools such as N8N, Google Colab, and Google Cloud

Notable Projects: Self Service Smart Pricing, Claims Examiner, and Client Engagement Tool

Penn State Hospital	Enola, PA
Patient Rounder Volunteer	June 2022 – August 2022

Served as a front desk associate and Med Surge Patient Rounder.

Skills: Communication, Organization, Critical thinking, Problem solving.

FIRST Robotics Volunteer and Alum	August 2012 – Present

Competed in FIRST Competitions – Served as a team Captain and true leader.

Volunteering for multiple FIRST events and mentoring FTC and FLL teams.

Certifications

Skills

C++, Java, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Python, PostgreSQL, GitHub, OpenAI, N8N, Zapier

Microsoft Office (Outlook, Excel, Word, and PowerPoint)

Projects and Research

Research on Mental Health Awareness	July 2022 – Present

Investigated principally on the effects of the pandemic on mental health and how to overcome it, under a professor at the University of Alabama.

Developing a progressive web app to help the adolescent age group cope with their mental health.

Self Service Smart Pricing Calculator	June 2024 – August 2024

Developed a tool in Python during Freshmen Internship to calculate pricing strategies for products and hiring employees with ability to calculate the bill rate, price rate, and margin

Tools Used: Python, OpenAI, and Postgres.

Set Designer: Maurice’s Invention	October 2022 – April 2023

Designed Maurice’s Invention for local high school production of Beauty and the Beast

Built a 4ft tall machine with actuators that were programmed to drive around stage, chop wood, and captivate the audience by looking like a machine built in the 18th century.

NU-Eye: How to Be Safe During COVID	       June 2020 – August 2020

Developed a computer vision prototype alerting for social distancing preventing COVID-19 transfer.

Honors, Achievements, & Interests

Founding Member of Robot in 3 Days (Ri3D @Penn State) at Penn State University (Aug 2023-Present)

Serving as a Mechanical Lead, designed and built a robot to help inspire FRC students.

Active member of Penn State University’s Nittany AI Student Society (Sep 2023 – Present)

Founder of FIRST robotics chapter in Mechanicsburg, PA area in 2014. Today, there are 500+ students involved.

Mentor of FIRST Global teams Belize, Niger, Rwanda, Bolivia (Jun 2021- Present)

Continuously serving community as part of FIRST, AIACPA, AGHNI, BETI Foundations organizations.

Completed Consulting Training Program at The Pennsylvania State University

Dean’s Semifinalist for FIRST Tech Challenge FTC at PA State Competition (Year 2020, 2021).

Interests: Robotics, Melodic Rap, The Office, The Social Network, and Indian Cricket

